1)why is string immutable in java
>When we create a string in java like String s1="hello"; then an object will be created in string pool(hello) and s1 will be pointing to hello.Now if again we do
 String s2="hello"; then another object will not be create but s2 will point to hello because JVM will first check if the same object is present in string pool or not.
If not present then only a new one is created else not.

2)what is static in java
Static keyword is used for memory management. we can apply java static keyword with variables methods and block the static keyword belongs to class we can access the static
variable using classths feature is useful when we want to create a variable common to all the instances of the class
>static block
>static variables
>static methods

3)What is final in java?
Final is used to apply restrictions on class, method, and variable.
The final class can't be inherited, final method can't be overridden,and final variable value can't be changed. Final is a keyword

4) what is this in java
this keyword is used to differentiate the local and instancevariables if the names of local and instance are same it will create shadowing problem 
to overcome this we use this keyword.to tell that the variable is instance to the class.

5) what is finally in java
The finally keyword is used in association with a try/catch block and guarantees that a section of code will be executed, even if an exception is thrown.
 The finally block will be executed after the try and catch blocks, but before control transfers back to its origin.
6)what is autoboxing and unboxing 
autoboxing is converting the primitive data type to object.
unboxing is converting the object back to the primitive data type.
7)what is serialization and deserialization in java
Serialization is a mechanism of converting the state of an object into a byte stream. Deserialization is the reverse process
 where the byte stream is used to recreate the actual Java object in memory. This mechanism is used to persist the object
8)what is abstract modifier in java
abstract is a non-access modifier in java applicable for classes, methods but not variables.
 It is used to achieve abstraction which is one of the pillar of Object Oriented Programming(OOP).
9)what is call by value and call by reference in java
Call by Value means calling a method with a parameter as value. Through this, the argument value is passed to the parameter.
public class Tester{
   public static void main(String[] args){
      int a = 30;
      int b = 45;
      System.out.println("Before swapping, a = " + a + " and b = " + b);
      // Invoke the swap method
      swapFunction(a, b);
      System.out.println("\n**Now, Before and After swapping values will be same here**:");
While Call by Reference means calling a method with a parameter as a reference. 
Through this, the argument reference is passed to the parameter.
public class JavaTester {
   public static void main(String[] args) {
      IntWrapper a = new IntWrapper(30);
      IntWrapper b = new IntWrapper(45);

>what are checked and unchecked exceptions in java
Checked Exceptions are checked at runtime of the program, while Unchecked Exceptions are checked at the compile time of the program. Checked Exceptions and 
Unchecked Exceptions both can be created manually.

>Can we create objects to the abstract classes
No, we can't create an object of an abstract class. But we can create a reference variable of an abstract class.
 The reference variable is used to refer to the objects of derived classes (subclasses of abstract class).

>can we create constructor for abstract class
We can create constructor in abstract class , it does’nt give any compilation error.

> • Can constructor be overloaded. Explain why? 
The technique of having two (or more) constructors in a class is known as constructor overloading. 
A class can have multiple constructors that differ in the number and/or type of their parameters. It's not, however, possible to have two constructors with the exact same parameters.

>can we override main method in java
No we cant

>can we overload main method
Yes, We can overload the main method in java but JVM only calls the original main method, it will never call our overloaded main method. Output: ... 
So, to execute overloaded methods of main, we must call them from the original main method.

>Final, finally and final variable
A final class cannnot be inherited, the final method cannot be overriden. The final variable cannot be reassigned.

>String buffer and string builder
String buffer is synchronized and thread safe whereas string builder is not synchronized or thread safe.
That means in string builder we can have two threads in a method.

>can we create object for a abstract class
No we cannot create object for a abstract class but we can create reference variable for abstract class, the reference variable is used to refer to the objects of the 
derived class of the abstract class.

> can we create an object for interface
No  we cannot.

>Can we create a constructor for an abstract class
yes we can create a constructor for abstract class. if we do not create a constructor the compiler will create a default constructor.

> Can the constructor be overloaded
The technique of having two (or more) constructors in a class is known as constructor overloading. A class can have 
multiple constructors that differ in the number and/or type of their parameters. It's not, however, possible to have 
two constructors with the exact same parameters.

>